
L1

Question 1 
write a program to take  n as an iunput , check if its an identity maatrix or not

q2
write a prg to disp right diagnol and left diagnol of a matrix

wap to take 2 matrices as input and disp the product of 2 matrix.(check if they are compatible or not)


1. How do you reverse a given string?
2 How do you print duplicate characters from a string? 
3 How do you check if two strings are anagrams of each other?	
4 How do you check if a string contains only digits?
5 How do you find duplicate characters in a given string?
6 How do you count a number of vowels and consonants in a given string?
7 How do you count the occurrence of a given character in a string?
8 How do you print the first non-repeated character from a string?
9 How do you check if a given string is a palindrome? 
10 How to find the maximum occurring character in given String?
11 How do you remove a given character from String?
12 Given an array of strings, find the most frequent word in a given array, I mean, the string that appears the most in the array. In the case of a tie, ​the string that is the smallest (lexicographically) ​is printed.

q input saim is fool
   output fool is saim	

q   saim is cool
    mias si looc

q   given two arrays containing the arrival and dept time of the trains , the arrays are sorted in ascending order
calculate the minimum no of platforms required 



L2

q1
write a program to rotate a matrix by 90deg

q2
write a program to diplay elements in spiral order square matrix n^2
 

 //1 2 3    1 2 
   4 5 6    3 4
   7 8 9    4 5


   wap to check if a double array contains a triplet such that the sum of triplet is between 1 and 2.


   q1 display a factorial of a number 
   q2 sum of n integers
   q3 display fibonacci number 
      less than equal to n
      first n fibonacci numbers
   q4   find x^y b
   q5 sum of digit of a number
   q6 display the product of two number
   q7 convert a decimal number to binary
   q8 display the octal equivalent of a decimal number 
   q9 binary search using recursion

   to study
   merge sort
   quick sort

   q1 write a program to input a sentence and display all the vowels present in it

   q2 wap to input a sentence and display the frequency of each word

   q3 return the middle value in a linked list in one pass

   q4 given a linked list of integers as below

   3 6 -9 12 -15 20 -30 

   if we dont consider the negative sign the linked list is sorted in ascending order 
   sort the linked list 
   output should be 

   -30 -15 -9 3 6 12 20 

   q5 given two linkedlist of given size , it is known that they intersect at A node, find the point of intersection
